# Multihead Dual Convolutional Self Attention (MDCSA)

## Network Overview

This is a Pytorch implementation of MDCSA network which is introduced in our paper. The network was designed and tested to perform indoor room-level localisation on people with Parkinson's diseases. To run the network, a script ```run``` in ```code``` folder can be run as ```bash run```. Alternatively, a Jupyter notebook named ```mdcsa_sample_test.ipynb``` can be run through Jupyter notebook or Jupyter Lab.

Pytorch version: 1.10.0 (may be compatible with higher/lower versions)

Jupyterlab version: 3.2.1 (may be compatible with higher/lower versions)

## Dummy and LoMAPP dataset

In this repository, the network is applied on a dummy dataset that imitates the whereabouts of a pair of people for two hours. The dummy dataset which is stored in ```data``` folder was generated by randomly picking a certain time window from one of our participants which was later further noised with Gaussian distribution. Hence, results in this repository may not reflect the performance of the network on our real-world dataset (called LoMAPP).

This dummy dataset provides a way to explore our proposed network without the need to use the actual dataset. It follows similar structure of the actual dataset with PD folder represents a set of data collected from someone living with Parkinson's disease, and C folder represents a set of data collected from a carer that lives with the PD participant. A complete details of each participant and when they are on / off medication to replicate the result in our paper can be found in LoMAPP dataset. For readers that require our dataset (LoMAPP), LoMAPP can be accessed by requesting an access through data-bris@bristol.ac.uk. 


## Citation
```
@inproceedings{jovan2023,
    title = "Multimodal Indoor Localisation in Parkinson's Disease for Detecting Medication Use: Observational Pilot Study in a Free-Living Setting",
    author = "Ferdian Jovan and Morgan, {Catherine A M} and Ryan McConville and Tonkin, {Emma L.} and Craddock, {Ian J} and Whone, {Alan L}",
    year = "2023",
    month = may,
    day = "16",
    language = "English",
    booktitle = "KDD 2023 - Proceedings of the 29th ACM SIGKDD Conference on Knowledge Discovery and Data Mining",
    publisher = "Association for Computing Machinery (ACM)",
    address = "United States",
}
```
